fix: Gitlab auth issue (#30321)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/tired-bats-attend.md

---
'@backstage/integration-react': patch
---

> Seperated gitlab repoWrite scope to pass checks in RefreshingAuthSessionManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separated gitlab `write_repository` scope to pass checks in `RefreshingAuthSessionManager`
```

this is what you meant right?
